The rainy season's finally over!
It's starting to get hot.
This is the season for outdoor activities.
How about we go have fun somewhere outside?
Sure! What do you want to do?
How about fishing?
Sounds good.
What's there to catch right now?
Summer's the season for fresh delinquents.
Top fishing spots for in-season delinquents are in front of convenience stores, gaming arcades, and diners late at night. They can often be found in groups, so bountiful catches are not unusual. Now, let's go fishing!
Let's use Nagisa-kun as bait and see if we can hook a few!
Big haul! Big haul!
I never knew delinquents were seasonal.
What should we do?
What do you feel like, Nagisa?
Let's see... Oh, how about the beach?
The beach, huh?
Nice pitch, Captain!
Baseball Team Captain, Kunugigaoka Junior High
Shindou Kazutaka Shindou Kazutaka
Well, if it isn't Sugino!
Long time no see.
For real?
Hey, it's you!
Sugino!
Hello!
Hey!
Hey, Sugino!
What gives? You should come say hi once in a while.
Nah, it'd be kind of awkward.
You're pitching in next week's ball game tournament, right?
Oh, I guess it hasn't been decided yet, but I'd like to.
We'll be looking forward to it!
Sure thing!
But man, I envy you, Sugino.
You're in the E Class, so you get to goof off every day.
We've got schoolwork and practice, so we're running on fumes.
Knock it off. That's not fair.
Only the chosen few can be expected to juggle both schoolwork and extracurriculars at a prep school.
Wow, that's incredible.
So I suppose you're one of those chosen few, huh?
That's right, I am.
Don't like it?
Then how about we show you at the tournament?
There are those chosen to stand at the top, and then there's everyone else.
You'll see that there's already a whole world of difference between us.
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ki
ri tsu rei
lock on ki
ri ki ri
ri tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Stand, bow, lock on!
on on ki
ki ri tsu
rei lock on
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ri
ki ri ri
tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
on on oh
oh yeah oh
oh yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
yeah yeah
sen sei tar
get on sen
sei tar get
on sen
sen sen
sei sen
sei sei
tar sei
tar tar
get tar
get get
on get
on on on
We've got a lot of potential po
po ten ti
al ta ka
i po po
ten ti al
ta ka i
po ten po
ten ten
ti ten
ti ti al
ti al al
ta al ta
ta ka ta
ka ka i
ka i
It's just that we're not trying i
i ho ho
do men do
ku sa i
ho ho do
men do ku
sa i ho
do ho do
do men do
men men
do men
do do ku
do ku ku
sa ku sa
sa i sa
i We had that dropouts' mentality
We had that dropouts' mentality i
i drop drop
out men tal
i ty drop
drop out
men tal i
ty drop out
drop out
out men
men tal
tal i tal
i i ty
i ty
No matter the unusual situation we were in
ty ty hi
ni chi jou
wo ryo u
ga sh i
hi ni chi
jou wo ryo
u ga sh
i hi hi
hi ni hi
ni ni chi
ni chi
chi jou
jou wo jou
wo wo ryo
wo ryo
ryo u ryo
u u ga
u ga ga
sh ga sh
sh i sh
i We pretended to doze off
We pretended to doze off i
i bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo bo
bo ku bo
ku ku ra
ku ra ra
wa ra wa
wa u wa
u u ta
u ta ta
ta ta ta
ta ne ta
ne ne ga
ne ga ga
o ga o
o shi o
shi shi
te shi
te While holding on to a hidden knife
While holding on to a hidden knife te
te knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
knife knife
ka knife
ka ka
ku ka
ku ku
shi ku
shi shi
mo shi
mo mo
tta mo
tta Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ki ri
ri tsu
tsu rei
rei lock
tta tta
Thinking someone would deal with you eventually
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
lock on
ho tto
on on
tto ke
ke ba
ba ki
ki tto
tto da
da re
re ka
ka ka
ya ya
ya tte
tte ku
ku re
re ru
ru to
We didn't really feel invested in the job
to to
do ko ka
ta ni n
go to da
tta do ko
ka ta ni
n go to
da tta do
do do ko
do ko ko
ka ko ka
ka ta ka
ta ta ni
ta ni ni
n ni n
n go n
go go to
go to to
da to da
da tta da
tta But now But now tta
tta da da
ke do da
da ke do
da ke da
ke ke do
ke do do
do
Teacher, teach us, we're still growing up
mis mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er o
er o o
shi o
shi shi e
shi e e
te e te
te mi te
mi mi kan
mi kan
kan se kan
se se i
se i i
na i na
na bo na
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
Will we be able to shoot through an invincible target like you?
ra ra a
na ta to
iu fu ra
ku no tar
get u chi
nu ke ru
de sho u
ka a na
ta to iu
fu ra ku
no tar get
u chi nu
ke ru de
sho u ka
a a a
na a na
na ta na
ta ta to
ta to to
iu to iu
iu fu iu
fu fu ra
fu ra ra
ku ra ku
ku no ku
no no tar
no tar
tar get
get u get
u u chi
u chi chi
nu chi
nu nu ke
nu ke ke
ru ke ru
ru de ru
de de sho
de sho
sho u sho
u u ka
u ka
Stand, bow, lock on!
As long as we challenge you, it's fifty-fifty
ka ka i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
do i
do ki
ri ki
ri do
mu ri
tsu do
tsu mu
ka mu
ka tsu
rei tsu
rei ka
gi ka
gi gi
ri gi
ri rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on ri
ri ka
ka ka
no ka
no on
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ri no
u no
u ri
tsu ri
tsu u
sei u
sei sei
wa sei
wa tsu
rei tsu
rei wa
half wa
half rei
lock rei
lock half
and half
and and
half and
half lock
on lock
on
Teacher, watch us, as we try to find a direction in life
half half
on on
mis mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er mi
er mi mi
te mi te
te i te
i i te
i te te
ma te ma
ma yo ma
yo yo i
yo i i
o i o
o oki o
oki oki
bo oki
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
We're studying our ass off for you more than anybody else
ra ra da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
re da re
re yo re
yo yo ri
yo ri ri
mo ri mo
mo a mo
a a na
a na na
ta na ta
ta no ta
no no ta
no ta ta
me ta me
me ni me
ni ni mo
ni mo mo
u mo u
u be u
be be n
be n n
kyo n
kyo kyo u
kyo u u
chuu u
chuu chuu
sa chuu
sa ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
Only the bloodlust is our message to you
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
ki ri
sa tsu
ri tsu
tsu i
i da
tsu rei
da ke
ke ga
rei lock
lock on
on on
ga ga
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
a a
a na
ki ri
ri tsu
na ta
ta e
tsu rei
e no
no mess
rei lock
mess age
lock on
We'll make our dreams come true on our own for real
age age
ji ji
ri ki
ga chi
de ho
n gan
i ku
yo ji
ji ri
ki ga
chi de
ho n
gan i
ku yo
on on
ji ri
ri ki
ki ga
ga chi
chi de
de ho
ho n
n gan
gan i
i ku
ku yo
A revolution!
yo yo
re re vol
u tion re
re vol u
tion re vol
re vol
vol u vol
u u tion
u tion Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
tion tion oh
oh yeah oh
yeah oh
yeah yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
sen sen sei
tar get on
sen sen
sei tar get
on sen sei
sen sei
sei tar
tar get
get on get
on on on
Episode Ball Game Tournament Time
Mm-hm.
An intra-school ball game tournament, is it?
Cultivating healthy minds and bodies through sports... Most excellent!
However... Ball Game Tournament Year 3 Boys' Baseball
Location: Main Campus Baseball Field Tournament Rules
Fundamental rules are that of junior-high rubber-ball baseball
Each game will constitute 3 innings Tournament Rules
Ball Game Tournament Year 3 Boys' Baseball
Each game will constitute 3 innings
Why is the E Class not listed among the brackets?
Location: Main Campus Baseball Field
The E Class doesn't get entered into the tournament,
for the wonderful reason that it'd leave us with an odd number of teams.
Location: Main Campus Baseball Field Tournament Rules
Fundamental rules are that of junior-high rubber-ball baseball
Each game will constitute 3 innings
(or up to 5 innings if a tiebreaker is needed)
A 10-run lead will result in a called game
May have separate offensive and defensive players (except for the baseball team)
Exhibition Game E Class Baseball Team
(after the championship)
Instead, we have to play in an exhibition game at the end.
An exhibition game?
Basically, it's just a spectacle.
They pit us boys against the baseball team and the girls against the girls' basketball team
while the whole school watches.
I see. So the usual E Class treatment, then.
Yep.
Well, we're not gonna stick around to be laughingstocks.
You guys can do what you like.
See ya.
Hey, wait! Terasaka!
Sheesh.
You're the baseball expert here, Sugino.
Got any secrets we can use to win?
It's impossible.
Our baseball team is pretty strong.
Especially Shindou, the current team captain.
His explosive fastball has even caught the eye of prestigious high schools.
A star pupil and a star athlete... It's unfair.
But, you know...
I want to win, Korosensei.
Not just put up a good fight. Win.
I don't want to lose at the sport I love.
After getting kicked out of the baseball team and coming to the E Class,
my feelings have actually only grown stronger.
I want to team up with these guys and win—
Oh, I'm so excited! So excited!
R-Right. You want to play baseball too.
I hear you loud and clear.
I've always wanted to be the fiery coach in a sports drama.
I won't smack you kids around or anything. Instead, I'll flip dinner tables.
You're way too prepared!
Lately, you've grown more articulate about the direction you want to go in.
"I want to kill."
"I want to win."
Unwavering, no matter the adversity you face.
To reward that spirit, Coach Koro will impart upon you the training and strategy you need to win!
Whoa-oh! A deep flyball!
The center fielder catches it with ease!
This one's over, folks!
The winner of the Year 3 Baseball Tournament is A Class!
Aw, man, we lost.
Let's watch the next game to put this behind us.
Can't wait to see some guys less talented than us suffering an even worse humiliation!
And now, lastly,
we have the exhibition match between Class 3-E and the baseball team.
Only the elite with both scholastic and athletic ability
can stand above others as one of the chosen.
That's what it means to excel at both pen and sword.
You excelled at neither.
No one chose you.
Let's play a tight game!
Yeah!
Whoa, why're they so fired up?
Come to think of it, where's Coach Koro?
I thought he was giving us directions.
Over there.
Karasuma-sensei told him not to draw attention to himself,
so he's using forced perspective to look like one of the balls.
He said he'll give us signs with his face color and stuff.
That's gonna give him away!
One! Two! Three!
What'd he say?
Hey there, Sensei!
Let's see... He said, "Show no mercy. Go for blood."
Yeah. Our real target is much more formidable.
If we can't win against those chumps,
we'll never be able to kill our teacher.
All right!
Let's kill it!
Yeah!
Now, let us give them a taste of baseball from hell,
infused with murderous intent and tentacles!
It's the top of the first inning.
E Class on the offensive.
Leading off, the third baseman, Kimura!
Strike!
But man, that super-junior high pitch sure is fast.
Amazing! That's pitcher Shindou-kun's famous fastball in action!
I hear he gets up to 140 kilos per hour.
It's got E Class's Kimura petrified!
What?! 140?!
At least swing that bat if you don't want to look like a loser!
That's right up there with the pros!
Man, it totally feels like we're a visiting team.
One! Two! Three!
Roger that.
All right! Here we go!
Whoa, the batter's plenty fired up!
Baseball Team Coach Terai Kiyoshi Baseball Team Coach
Baseball Team Coach Terai Kiyoshi Terai Kiyoshi
We'll get a 1-2-3 inning in the top of the first
and in the bottom, we'll score ten runs and get the game called.
You're a nobody.
Now, here's Shindou-kun, with his second pitch.
And he throws!
What?!
Whoa! He's bunting for a hit!
Kimura-kun's the fastest runner in the E Class.
He got a nice roll on that one!
As long as we catch them by surprise, he should easily make it to first base.
He's safe! This is unbelievable!
Yes!
E Class, no outs, with a runner on first!
Damn! Sneaky bastard...
Batting second, the catcher, Shiota-kun.
One! Two! Three!
Whoa! A push bunt!
Damn it!
The corners were in, but it gets past third for a base hit!
They may be tough, but they're still junior high kids.
They can't handle bunts the way pros can.
Shindou goes to cover him and picks up the ball, but...
Aw! He's got nowhere to throw it!
Unbelievable! Runners on first and second with nobody out!
Wh-What?!
H-Hey... This game is starting to go in a weird direction.
Impossible!
Getting a fastball like Shindou's to go where you want it to is virtually impossible.
Hah! How do you like that?
Batting third, the shortstop, Isogai-kun.
We've been practicing against that thing.
Pitcher Koro throws 300-kilometer-per-hour pitches!
Infielder Koro lays down an impregnable defense of afterimages!
Please, you get it.
Oh, no, please, you get it.
Will you make it in time?
Catcher Koro destroys your focus by whispering trash talk.
What happened to all that enthusiasm you had for secret air guitar behind the school, Mimura-kun?
I can't take anymore.
Next up, we study our opponents.
I had Takebayashi-kun spend the last three days spying on them.
It was a pain.
Stamina Pitch Variations Mental Power Speed Stamina
Pitch Variations Mental Power Speed Stamina
Pitch Variations Mental Power Speed Shindou Kazutaka
Shindou Kazutaka Shindou Kazutaka Shindou Kazutaka
Shindou Kazutaka Shindou Kazutaka
Shindou's pitches top out at 140.5 kilometers per hour.
He only has a fastball and a curve.
Even during practice matches, 90% of his pitches were fastballs.
His fastball's so good,
it's all he needs to win at the junior high level.
Indeed. Or in other words,
we've got this in the bag as long as we have that fastball down pat.
So! For our practice from here on out,
I'll throw the same pitches Shindou-kun throws with the exact same form,
just as slow as he does.
After seeing those pitches from me earlier,
his will look like they're barely moving at all.
Whoa! And another bunt!
Therefore, if it's just bunts, it's possible to become amply proficient.
Right along the third base line!
F-Fair ball!
It's come to a dead stop right on the line!
Isogai makes it on base safely!
Th-The bases are loaded!
The bases are loaded with nobody out!
M-Maybe Shindou-kun's not feeling well or something?
Batting fourth, the pitcher, Sugino-kun.
Sugino!
One! Two! Three!
Play ball!
Now, the game resumes.
Uh-oh! He's shaping up to bunt too!
Wha... What is this?
What's up with these guys?
Is what I'm playing right now...
really baseball?
Yes, in terms of sheer power, I'm no match for you.
But with a well-aimed strike, even the weak
can take on a gigantic powerhouse and...
...bring it down!
He hit it!
Line drive into right center field!
Third! Third! Third base!
Shiota comes in to score,
Second baseman, go left! Left!
and now Isogai's rounding third as well!
N-No way...
The hitter Sugino makes it all the way to third!
He's cleared the bases with a three-RBI triple!
All right!
Wh-What the heck is this?
E Class Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team
This isn't how it's supposed to go!
E Class Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team
E Class has put the first three runs up on the board.
E Class Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
This is bad.
You look rather pale, Terai-sensei.
It appears the baseball team is calling a timeout.
It looks like they're all huddling on the mound, infielders and outfielders alike.
Perhaps you are not feeling well.
You should get some rest right away.
I'm concerned the team members' worry for you might be affecting their play.
S-Sir! N-No, as you can see, I am perfectly—
I am glad to find you unwell.
For severe illness...
is the only reason any instructor employed by my school would perform so disgracefully.
Ah, as I thought, he has a terrible fever.
Please take Terai-sensei to the nurse's office.
Yes, sir!
I shall serve as coach in the interim.
Wh-What are you...
Not to worry.
I will simply teach them a lesson of my own.
Man! That was too bad.
Yeah. We'll get them next time!
I'm sorry. I was the one who dragged us down.
That's not true.
Don't worry about it.
When I saw the bouncing boobs on those basketball players,
the rage and bloodlust just made me see red and I...
What's with your animosity toward big boobs?!
Well, I mean...
Now, then.
I wonder how the boys are doing.
Mr. Principal...
Top of the first inning and the final boss already makes his appearance?
A-According to the information I just received,
Terai-sensei, the coach of the baseball team, had been gravely ill since before the match began!
Apparently, the players were so worried for their teacher that their hearts were not in the game!
The principal could not simply stand by and do nothing,
so it appears he will be taking charge immediately!
E Class Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Batting fifth, the second baseman, Maehara-kun.
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team
Now, the game resumes!
E Class Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team How will they—
Wh-What in the world is this?!
They've brought the infield and outfield in!
I have never seen the entire defense moved in like this!
They know that all we've got is the bunt.
But they can't do that, right?
Getting up close like that?
According to the rules, the defense can be positioned anywhere within the field of play.
If the umpire made a call against it, that'd be a different story,
but the teacher acting as umpire is on their side.
We can't expect anything from him.
Now, let's reset the flow of this game.
This Sugino-kun from the E Class...
It seems he joined a municipal baseball club.
In his own way, he's making an effort.
But what of it?
Everyone makes an effort.
Chosen people such as yourselves have a destiny.
In the life ahead of you, you'll have to trample hundreds— even thousands—of people like him in order to get ahead.
You would be better off not thinking of this as baseball.
This is simply an operation where you trample a mere ten of those thousands.
Now, let us begin this operation.
Ouch!
He popped it up!
Has the pressure of the infielders gotten to Maehara?!
That's one out now!
Batting sixth, the center fielder, Okajima-kun.
You've gotta be kidding me!
You can't get by that with a bunt!
What're we gonna do, Coach Koro?!
One! Two! Three!
There's nothing else we can do?!
Strike three! Yer out!
Three outs!
And just like that, the inning is over!
The pitcher, Shindou-kun, is back in the groove!
Keep it up, Shindou-kun.
All you have to do is throw four-seam fastballs.
Use a big windup and intimidate them with your pitches.
Yes, sir!
And I will say this again to all of you.
This is not baseball.
This is the operation of unilaterally gaining ascendancy.
Yes, sir!
We're gonna turn this around!
Yeah!
He, too, is masterful at educating his students.
He has a good memory of his students' faces and their talents,
and he's exceptional at teaching and motivating them.
His methods are very similar to those of someone else I know...
and yet, how can the two of them be so different as educators?
Come on, inspiration! Come on, inspiration!
The contest of leadership between these two...
I'm a little interested to see how it goes.
I get it now, Karasuma!
In other words, you take ball and stick in hand,
Leading off the inning, the left fielder, Hashimoto-kun.
Play ball!
Sugino of E Class, first pitch.
And he throws.
Whoa!
Strike!
Awesome breaking ball!
Holy smokes!
Don't pitch to contact, Sugino.
I'm not sure any of us can field the ball if it comes our way.
I know.
Try repeating after me.
"I am strong."
"I will wind up big and throw."
I am strong.
I will wind up big and throw.
"I will overpower them."
I will overpower them.
"I will trample them."
I will trample them.
U-Unbelievable! He's struck out two in a row!
Karma-kun.
Don't show up right at my feet, Coach Koro.
You looking to get stepped on?
You're leading off the next innings.
How about we try shaking things up with some provocation from you?
Now, top of the second inning!
Still going with the impregnable bunt defense!
Batting eighth, the left fielder, Akabane-kun.
What are you doing?
Hurry up and get in the batter's box.
Hey!
Isn't this playing dirty, Mr. Principal?
They're taking up defensive positions that clutter up the field
and the umpire hasn't given them any warnings.
Don't you guys think it's weird too?
Oh, I get it.
You guys aren't the brightest, so you don't understand defensive positions and such, do you?
Quit whining about the little things, E Class!
It's an exhibition game!
Quit trying to dispute the defense!
If you've got a problem, then show us you can produce real results!
Don't think it's working, Coach.
That's perfectly fine.
The important thing is to speak out and protest loud and clear.
E Class Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team
Top of the second inning, E Class helplessly goes down in order!
He hit it!
It's flat!
It smacked right into the wall!
Uh-oh! He couldn't catch it off the bounce!
Nice hit!
Shindou-kun makes it to second with room to spare!
It's a double!
Thank you, Korosensei, for helping me educate them.
The weak, who try to win using nothing but cheap tricks,
and the overwhelmingly strong, who easily overpower them in any event.
E Class Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team
I wonder which the students would rather be like.
E Class Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team
Strike three! Yer out!
E Class Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Now, bottom of the third!
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team
We've finally come to the end!
E Class Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team
It's the baseball team's turn on the offensive and that's it!
E Class Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team
Hashimoto-kun.
Yes, sir!
Show them how it is done.
Whoa! A drag bunt!
It's the E Class's turn to see their share of hell!
Damn it!
E Class, this is how bunting is done!
Sorry.
It's all good.
The baseball team bunting against amateurs...
In most cases, even the students watching would consider it unacceptable,
And again, a bunt!
but your using it first provided us with valid justification:
Damn it!
to show you how it is really done.
No outs and bases loaded!
And the batter that's up...
is our school's superstar! Our pride and joy!
It's Shindou-kun!
I'll trample you, Sugino!
I've been preparing him ever since the first inning
to ensure this would happen at the very end.
It will not be a bunt that clinches this game,
but the mighty swing of our star player.
Now, what hand will you play,
homeroom teacher to these assassins?
Karma-kun.
The time has come to put your earlier provocation to good use.
Oh, I get it now.
I think we have no choice but to walk Shindou.
Hey, instructions from the coach.
Now, the game resumes... with...
a-an unusually tight defense!
We're clearly defending in positions that would disrupt the batter's focus,
but I didn't hear any objections from the umpire when you guys did it earlier.
You've got no problem with this, right, Principal?
I see now.
You have thought this through, but that is just a clever trick.
Feel free.
Mere changes in defense will not faze the chosen.
Wow, big words.
Then we'll do just that.
T-Talk about close!
Forget about tight defense! This is point-blank!
He could hit them with his swing at that distance!
Don't mind us. Just swing away, superstar.
We won't get in the way of the pitch.
A worthless bluff.
Swing away without a care, Shindou-kun.
Even if you break some bones,
it will be E Class that gets penalized for obstructing the batter.
They think they can make fun of me, huh?
If I swing big and scare them,
they'll back down for sure!
Strike!
They moved just enough to dodge him, and no more.
Their nerves of steel and dynamic visual acuity top the E Class.
Simply dodging the bat is easier than bunting for them.
A slow swing like that won't cut it.
Next time,
try swinging like you mean to kill us.
At this point,
Shindou-kun could no longer physically keep up with the principal's strategy.
Both the runners and the crowd
were overwhelmed by this bizarre spectacle masquerading as baseball.
Nagisa-kun!
Third base!
Out!
Kimura! First base next!
The runner hasn't run, so no rush!
Roger that!
Out!
A t-triple play... Game over!
Unbelievable... Unbelievable... The E Class has...
won against the baseball team!
You boys are awesome!
They did it!
What the hell? That sucked!
The baseball team lost to those E-Class nobodies!
Who the hell loses with that kinda difference in firepower?!
The people who were watching probably have no way of knowing
about the numerous strategies
that the two coaches pitted against each other behind the scenes.
Between this and midterms, I'd say I'm at one win and one loss.
We'll settle this with the upcoming final exams.
Shindou.
Sorry for turning it into such a crazy game.
But I know.
You're a way better baseball player than I am.
I don't consider this a victory over you or anything.
Then... Why did you go to all this trouble to win?
Weren't you trying to produce real results to show that you're stronger than me?
Nagisa always keeps me company when I'm practicing my breaking balls.
Not to mention, Karma and Isogai's reflexes, our skill at bunting, and all that was pretty cool, right?
E Class Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team
But without real results to show for it, it's hard to get that across.
E Class Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team E Class
Baseball Team E Class Baseball Team
I guess what it boils down to is... E Class
I wanted to show off a little.
Show off my current friends to my old friends.
You remember this, Sugino:
we'll play again in high school!
You got it!
If the Earth's still here by then, that is.
What's wrong?
It's nothing.
The sun shines The sun shines ta i yo u ga sa su ta i
yo u ga sa su ta ta ta i ta i i yo i yo yo u yo u u ga
u ga ga sa ga sa sa su sa su su su
On the back of my closed eyelids to za shi ta ma bu ta
no u ra ga wa ni to za shi ta ma bu ta no u ra ga wa
ni to to to za to za za shi za shi shi ta shi ta ta ma
ta ma ma bu ma bu bu ta bu ta ta no ta no no u no u u
ra u ra ra ga ra ga ga wa ga wa wa ni wa ni ni ni
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages a ka i zan
zo u a ka i zan zo u a a a ka a ka ka i ka i i zan i
zan zan zo zan zo zo u zo u u u
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag ka ka wa
no ka ban ni no o to to pen wo ka ka wa no ka ban ni
no o to to pen wo ka wa ka wa wa no wa no no ka no ka
ka ban ka ban ban ni ban ni ni no ni no no o no o o to
o to to to to to to pen to pen pen wo pen wo wo wo
I go for a walk I go for a walk sa a a ru ki da so u
sa a a ru ki da so u sa sa sa a sa a a a a a a ru a ru
ru ki ru ki ki da ki da da so da so so u so u u u
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty ka i
te mo ka i te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka i te mo ka i
te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka ka ka i ka i i te i te
te mo te mo mo ka mo ka ka i ka i i te i te te mo te
mo mo ki mo ki ki re ki re re i re i i ni i ni ni na
ni na na ra na ra ra na ra na na i na i
My choice of colors is not to blame i e ra n da e no
gu ni tsu mi wa na i i e ra n da e no gu ni tsu mi wa
na i e e e ra e ra ra n ra n n da n da da e da e e no
e no no gu no gu gu ni gu ni ni tsu ni tsu tsu mi tsu
mi mi wa mi wa wa na wa na na i na i i i
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
Ne xt Ep iso de
Mach 20 is approximately 6800 meters per second.
One lap around the baseball diamond is about 110 meters long.
So the time it takes me to run one lap around the baseball diamond would be,
using the formula time equals distance divided by speed,
about 0.016 second, Sugino-kun.
Next time on Assassination Classroom: Talent Time.
Episode Talent Time